Update Arcbox devops to reset OSM demo (#1127)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_jumpstart_arcbox/DevOps/_index.md

  ![Screenshot showing Bookstore apps and shell GitOps and OSM 02](./capi_osm09.png)

> - Optional, do you want to reset the traffic split demo? If yes, follow the below steps to reset bookstore counters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optional, you may want to reset the traffic split demo to start over with the counters at zero. If so, follow the below steps to reset the bookstore counters.
```
